{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Engineering:
\b0 \
	Mr. Freeze\
\

\b Human Interface Design:
\b0 \
	Mr. Freeze\
\

\b Testing:
\b0 \
	Mr. Freeze, blargh, ThatAynRandFag, the Mac users of /g/\
\

\b Documentation:
\b0 \
	Mr. Freeze\
	\

\b Icon\
	"
\b0 KingMatheusII" : http://kingmatheusii.deviantart.com/art/4Chan-logo-111092985\
	\
\

\b\fs26 Cool code used in this app:\
\
AppScript\

\b0\fs24 	http://appscript.sourceforge.net/\
	Copyright 
\f1 \'a9
\f0  2007-2008 HAS\
	http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php\
\

\b OpenMeta\
	
\b0 http://code.google.com/p/openmeta/\
	http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php\
	\

\b ASIHTTPRequest
\b0 \
	http://allseeing-i.com/ASIHTTPRequest/\
	Copyright 
\f1 \'a9
\f0  2007-2009, All-Seeing Interactive\
	http://github.com/pokeb/asi-http-request/blob/master/LICENSE\
	\

\b BWToolkt
\b0 \
	http://www.brandonwalkin.com/bwtoolkit/\
	Copyright 
\f1 \'a9
\f0  2009, Brandon Walkin\
	http://bitbucket.org/bwalkin/bwtoolkit/src/tip/License.rtf\
	\

\b AMCollectionView
\b0 \
	http://www.harmless.de/cocoa-code.php\
	Copyright 
\f1 \'a9
\f0  2007, Andreas Mayer\
	http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php\
	\
	\
\
I\'92d just like to interject for a moment. What you\'92re refering to as Mac OS X, is in fact, BSD/OS X, or as I\'92ve recently taken to calling it, Mac plus BSD. Mac OS X is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning BSD system made useful by the BSD corelibs, shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX.\
\
Many computer users run a modified version of the BSD system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of BSD which is widely used today is often called \'93OS X\'94, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the BSD system, developed by the BSD Project.\
\
There really is a Mac OS X, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use. Mac OS X is the UI: the program in the system that creates the pretty graphics. The UI is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system. Mac OS X is normally used in combination with the BSD operating system: the whole system is basically BSD with Mac OS X added, or BSD/OS X. All the so-called \'93Mac OS X\'94 versions are really distributions of BSD/OS X.}